docs: streamline upgrading guide before release (#2130)
faker-js/faker: docs/guide/upgrading.md

## Deprecations and other changes

This is not an exhaustive list of all deprecations in v8.0.0. Many methods and parameters have been renamed in this release. You can:

- use the warnings which are shown at runtime to guide you to the new names
- use a [suitable plugin](https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint-plugin-deprecation) to find usages of deprecated code
- Review the full list of deprecations [here](https://github.com/faker-js/faker/issues?q=label%3Adeprecation+is%3Amerged+milestone%3A%22v8.0+-+Module+Re-Shuffling%22) and [here](https://github.com/faker-js/faker/issues?q=label%3Adeprecation+is%3Amerged+milestone%3A%22v8+-+None+milestone+specific+tasks%22)

> - Ignore the deprecations for now: the old names will continue to work for version 8.x.x, however you will need to make changes before upgrading to 9.x.x.

Reviewer: I'm not sure which is better.

```suggestion
- Ignore the deprecations for now: the old names will continue to work for v8.x.x, however you will need to make changes before upgrading to v9.x.x.
```

| `faker.address.streetPrefix`        | _Removed_                            |
| `faker.address.streetSuffix`        | _Removed_                            |

### `faker.finance.account` changed to `faker.finance.accountNumber`

The `faker.finance.account` method has been renamed to `faker.finance.accountNumber` to better reflect the data it returns and not to get confused with a user "Account".

### `faker.finance.mask` changed to `faker.finance.maskedNumber`

The `faker.finance.mask` method has been renamed to `faker.finance.maskedNumber` to better reflect its purpose.

> 

Reviewer: Should we add a hint instead, like "Have a look at our deprecations [here](https://github.com/faker-js/faker/issues?q=label%3Adeprecation+is%3Amerged+milestone%3A%22v8.0+-+Module+Re-Shuffling%22) and [here](https://github.com/faker-js/faker/issues?q=label%3Adeprecation+is%3Amerged+milestone%3A%22v8+-+None+milestone+specific+tasks%22)."?

Author: We could add a sentence at the top of the "## Deprecations and other changes" section like:

This is not an exhaustive list of all deprecations in v8.0.0. Many methods and parameters have been renamed in this release, runtime warnings will guide you to use the new names.

Reviewer: I would still recommend actual links to the merged deprecation PRs, so it is easier to grasp without running the own code.

Author: The average consumer of the library doesn't need to grasp the full scope of all renamed methods and parameters though, they just need to know that a bunch of stuff has been renamed, and what affects their code, which is easiest to grasp by running said code and looking at the warnings.

Reviewer 2: Theoretically we could also recommend in general to use https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint-plugin-deprecation

Author: i added a summary encompassing several of these suggestions
